[SPEAKER_00]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_01]: Go ahead.
[SPEAKER_01]: They didn't have to wear uniforms, and so they put almost any kind of garb that you can imagine, and some of it was pretty risque.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the big deal was that you could capture the upper class one and haul them to the country.
[SPEAKER_01]: You could find transportation to do it.
[SPEAKER_01]: all in the country and dump them out down by the Brass River and let them get back the best way they could.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was a big deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: So to illustrate this, there was a guy, this was when I was a, I don't know, sophomore or junior maybe, a guy by the name of Neptune Klein from Amarillo, Texas, in the cavalry, and they captured him.
[SPEAKER_01]: and hauled him down, way down to Brad's River.
[SPEAKER_01]: The next morning we got up over by Law and Prayer Hall, and he was in, I think, Sea Troop.
[SPEAKER_01]: Here was a gray swayback horse out there running loose between the dormitories and that circular deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: what had happened was that they dumped Klein down there in his pajamas that's all he had on when they captured him about midnight or whenever dumped him out so he started back to campus and he came to this farm and he saw this old gray horse out there in the lot which he decided he could ride back to the campus so he took his pajama tops
[SPEAKER_01]: and made a bridle out of it and rode that old horse back to the campus and just turned him loose.
[SPEAKER_01]: Again, that's the illustrative of the kind of junk that went on.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember any jokes or pranks that you and your buddies got involved in as fresh?
[SPEAKER_01]: Good bull?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not particularly as freshmen.
[SPEAKER_01]: What about in other years then?
[SPEAKER_01]: In other years, I had the honor of being a friend of one Graham Purcell.
[SPEAKER_01]: who was later a representative, as you well know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Graham had more trouble with chemistry than I did.
[SPEAKER_01]: In fact, he passed it right after he came back in World War II for the seventh time he took it, I believe, Mr. Snuggs and so forth.
[SPEAKER_01]: In fact, I tell you this, you can cut out all this you want to.
[SPEAKER_01]: He came back from the service.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, how he was commissioned without having passed chemistry, how, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let me back up a little bit.
[SPEAKER_01]: In this problem we had with chemistry, he was dropped from school.
[SPEAKER_01]: virtually dropped from school.
[SPEAKER_01]: So his dad came down here, tried to keep him in school.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they went in to see Dean Kyle, I guess it was at that time, a dean of agriculture.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, up in the systems building,
[SPEAKER_01]: And Graham went in and told Dean Kyle, there's a man out here that wants to see you real bad, and I don't think he wants to take no for an answer.
[SPEAKER_01]: So anyway, his dad turned him up.
[SPEAKER_01]: So he talked to me and let Graham stay in school.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I'm getting way off the subject here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Graham was a major prankster.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was captain of his troop, very popular guy, likable, charismatic.
[SPEAKER_01]: One of the things we did, he and I did this together, I'm sorry to say.
[SPEAKER_01]: We gathered up a bunch of pigeons and spares and bats that hung out in the, some of them in, oh, I've forgotten what building it was.
[SPEAKER_01]: The bats were in a belfry over here.
[SPEAKER_01]: We captured those things and got about a half a toe sack full of the mixture and dumped them in the room of two guys in my troop, one of which was not terribly popular.
[SPEAKER_01]: The other was a real fine guy.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, both of them were okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dumped them in the room and you could put a broom handle across the door and they couldn't get out.
[SPEAKER_01]: So nothing happened for a little while, because this was night, and they'd gone to bed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nothing happened for a little while, but finally, I guess, old bats came to life, and we heard this plaintiff wail from this nice guy, and then four feet hitting the floor out of those bunks all about the same time, and they were hollering.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, they turned the lights on, and that was a mistake.
[SPEAKER_01]: So how they knew, I don't know, but they...
[SPEAKER_01]: figured out I was in it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, why they figured it was me, I wasn't much into that sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: But this one guy, the captain of our troop, was saying, Callaham, you S.O.B., I'm gonna kill you when I get out of here.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was one of the pranks.
[SPEAKER_01]: But Purcell, another one was, he was on the second floor in Law Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he put a giant firecracker in a little box of Post Toasties, or Bran Flakes, I guess it was.
[SPEAKER_01]: It wasn't a Babo bomb, so it was a Post Toasty bomb.
[SPEAKER_01]: He wet that stuff, and he had it figured out.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is summertime, and this guy that lived right below him had no screen on his window.
[SPEAKER_01]: So he...
[SPEAKER_01]: put a string on this dude and he got it all figured out how he can throw it out his window and let it swing out throw it out where it would swing out and come out in that window that was open below him which he did so he lit the firecracker and it worked perfectly Hebrew bland flakes all over that plastered wall and ran with that guy with that horrible bang and splatter I don't know whether the guy was home or not but I know it's hard to get
[SPEAKER_01]: Bran flakes off a plaster wall when they dry.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you, were you one of the people assigned to help clean it up?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, no.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had nothing to do with it except just to enjoy the fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he did this, he was always doing something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now your sophomore year, did you move into the dormitory?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, I was in the dorm.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Describe how life changed for a sophomore then.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was...
[SPEAKER_01]: It eased up pretty good, but by and large, in my particular troop, there was not, there was nothing real vicious.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, they had boards, I guarantee you, and they applied them fairly regularly, but there was not anything as brutal as could happen in some other places.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, what kind of a sophomore were you then in picking on the fish?
[SPEAKER_01]: I was very, very lenient.
[SPEAKER_01]: In fact, as a sophomore, I didn't even own a board.
[SPEAKER_01]: Most, in my troop, and again, I think it's pretty universal, sophomores were not really, they didn't look very kindly on sophomores using the board.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was a, the juniors and seniors sort of had that prerogative, and particularly the seniors, and then they sort of passed on down.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sophomores, again here, even then, as small as the campus was, there's different outfits, had different degrees of demeanor, or you might say, or activities, depending on, you know, who run it, what have you.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, but we were sort of afraid to use the board because
[SPEAKER_01]: under those circumstances, then they'd turn around and use them on us because of.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that kept it down to a real minimum.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had to kind of sneak it if you did.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you keep that job over in animal science?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, I kept it for the rest of my tenure.
[SPEAKER_01]: All four years?
[SPEAKER_01]: All four, well, yeah, three and a half, four years.
[SPEAKER_01]: I kept that job.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I had another job, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: What was that?
[SPEAKER_01]: that on weekends, on football weekends, we had a core dance about every weekend over in Sabisa Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then you had an organizational dance, like the Cavalry Ball, Cavalry Ball, Artillery Ball, Infantry Ball, et cetera, and so forth.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I would sell flowers, corsages,
[SPEAKER_01]: this friend of mine had the concession for an area, so I could sell corsages.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I'd peddle corsages on Thursday nights, take the orders, on Thursday nights for the organization ball when I could.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now that's, of course, I did that in the cavalry, when the cavalry had them, but I couldn't go to the other dorms and do it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But then for the, for the core dance,
[SPEAKER_01]: I would take orders on Friday night and then deliver those things on Saturday.
[SPEAKER_01]: And occasionally, I sold Cokes and football games.
[SPEAKER_01]: What kind of money did you make out of that?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, the corsage deal was the best deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: You didn't make much out of the Coke deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know it was a very small percentage because you had to pay the
[SPEAKER_01]: The guy that hired you, then he got paid by the Koch people and the time it filled her down to you.
[SPEAKER_01]: You didn't really make much, but heck, in those days when you were working for 25 cents an hour to clean out the cows' dogs, if you could make three or four dollars, you'd done pretty good.
[SPEAKER_01]: But with the corsages, that was better?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, at Corsaggi's, it'd be like when the cavalry ball was there, I made about 15 or 20 bucks on that particular weekend, and I'd go a whole lot, but when they just had the
[SPEAKER_01]: one on Saturday night.
[SPEAKER_01]: And again, you just sold in your area.
[SPEAKER_01]: You just had the sales prerogative in your area.
[SPEAKER_01]: You didn't go campus wide.
[SPEAKER_01]: What kind of flowers were in those corsages?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, gosh, there weren't many orchids, I remember that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Gosh, I don't know what kind of flowers they were from here on.
[SPEAKER_01]: My wife could tell you what probably were made out of, but carnations, I expect.
[SPEAKER_01]: At the end of that first year, did you go back home for the summer?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did you do all summer?
[SPEAKER_01]: Farm.
[SPEAKER_01]: Farm, that stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Were you glad to get away and come back down here in the fall?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was glad for the opportunity to come back to school, but I was not miserable on the farm.
[SPEAKER_01]: Even though it was dust bowl days and
[SPEAKER_01]: bad times.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was not miserable on the farm.
[SPEAKER_01]: In those first years in college, what did you think you were going to do professionally after college?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Really, I hadn't thought a lot about it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was thinking about, you know, county agent.
[SPEAKER_01]: At that time, vocational ag teachers.
[SPEAKER_01]: We weren't producing many vocational ag teachers out of here, but a lot of county agents all over.
[SPEAKER_01]: And this appeals to me because I said earlier a county agent was one of the reasons I was here.
[SPEAKER_01]: And farming and ranching, that was always my objective if I ever had the opportunity, which I never really did as things turned out.
[SPEAKER_01]: But farming and ranching was my ultimate objective.
[SPEAKER_01]: But in the meantime, being a county agent or get into some agribusiness type thing would have been good.
[SPEAKER_01]: As you look back on it now, who were the teachers, the advisors, the people that had the most important effect on your life here?
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, I've already mentioned one, and that's Dr. Jack Miller.
[SPEAKER_01]: In agriculture, D.W.
[SPEAKER_01]: Williams, who was head of the department.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of animal science?
[SPEAKER_01]: Animal science.
[SPEAKER_01]: Describe?
[SPEAKER_01]: Animal husbandry at that particular time.
[SPEAKER_01]: Describe him and how he affected you.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, D.W.
[SPEAKER_01]: Williams was a
[SPEAKER_01]: He didn't have a PhD, so he was Mr. Williams.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know how to describe him.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess you could say laid back.
[SPEAKER_01]: An easy going man.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did he look like?
[SPEAKER_01]: Easy to talk to.
[SPEAKER_01]: Medium height.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just slightly on the heavy side, but not any excess fat.
[SPEAKER_01]: A nice looking man.
[SPEAKER_01]: Had a real nice family.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he was acting president for a little while later on.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he was easy going.
[SPEAKER_01]: How did you as a student get contact with him?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, he taught a class, but then with that smaller contingent... Oh, gee, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Again, I was in one of his classes, a seminar.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yeah, well, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: When I got this job...
[SPEAKER_01]: through this job I had within the Beef Cattle Center.
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't have a lot of contact with him, but occasionally this was a part of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did he ever give you advice, counsel?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, not that particular time, except after I got out of school and applying for...
[SPEAKER_01]: This GI Bill, no, not GI Bill, but time I had spent when I retired, or before I retired, to pick up credit time for teaching or employment.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had to have 20 hours to add to your time, and I went to Mr.
[SPEAKER_01]: Williams is one of the people who would remember that I worked for him.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I'd had enough contact with him that he remembered, oh yes, he would sign this that I had put in an average of 20 hours a month in his employee.
[SPEAKER_01]: And another reason, he had a daughter who was
[SPEAKER_01]: just slightly younger than I, and at chord dances and things of this kind through him.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then we had parties at their house.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where did they live?
[SPEAKER_01]: They lived over here on, oh gosh, I won't say Ashburn, but it's... South.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, south of campus here.
[SPEAKER_01]: And at that time, because there were some faculty houses on campus, including the presidents and what have you.
[SPEAKER_01]: Who other important advisor, counselor, teachers?
[SPEAKER_01]: Rudy Rader was influential.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was a different kind of guy.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was on the international livestock judging team, and Rudy Rader was our coach, Rudy Vaughn Rader at that time.
[SPEAKER_01]: and he was from Yorktown, Texas.
[SPEAKER_01]: But as a coach of the livestock judging team, he did, but in maybe a little different way.
[SPEAKER_01]: Rudy was a nice guy with a high temper, a flash type temper, like wham, and then it was all over.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that, a guy by the name of Shuster,
[SPEAKER_01]: who was not here a long time.
[SPEAKER_01]: He went from here to the Federal Land Bank.
[SPEAKER_01]: We had a teacher in
[SPEAKER_01]: feeds and feeding, animal nutrition, what do you want to call it now, who was a brilliant man, one of the early biochemists.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was a time when biochemistry was a, you know, sort of a new side issue, and he was one of the recognized biochemistry people in the country, except as a teacher he wasn't worth a hoot.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was so far above you, and anything to us that was that complicated at the time, that he just, it was tough.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, something happened to him that he had to go do something else, I don't know what, and Mr. Shuster came in to fill out his teaching assignment.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the first thing he came in, he said, look, guys, held up this big feeds and feeding book, and he said, you guys can memorize this book and learn it from front to back and go out here and take it on a livestock operation, ranch, and you'll starve to death.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, but if you want to take this book and learn what you can and then adopt it,
[SPEAKER_01]: To your situation, whatever it is and wherever you are, then you will not have a better text in this university than this particular book.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, he had that kind of an approach.
[SPEAKER_01]: So he turned us around in that class and got us back on the beat.
[SPEAKER_01]: And his other influence he had on us, it was that kind of stuff, and so I admire him.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, of course, I'm still back in the ag school.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm not in veterinary medicine yet.
[SPEAKER_01]: But we had some excellent men at that time, and Ike Dahlberg was another one of our teachers.
[SPEAKER_01]: What if you needed some advice on what courses to take?
[SPEAKER_01]: Who did you go to?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, we could go to Williams or Dr. Shepardson eventually was over in dairy science, I believe it was.
[SPEAKER_01]: And again, Jack, I'm trying to think, Jack Miller.
[SPEAKER_01]: Gee, that's been a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: But we had lots of good teachers.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: On a Saturday night, if you and your buddies were going to have a good time, where'd y'all go or what'd you do other than go to a dance?
[SPEAKER_01]: Went to a picture show in Bryan.
[SPEAKER_01]: How'd you get there?
[SPEAKER_01]: We hitchhiked, mostly even at night.
[SPEAKER_01]: Or if you were lucky, somebody had a car, you could go.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they also, which reminds me, they had taxis.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was the most common, and I'd forgotten about that, most common transportation between here and Bryan because it sounded like it's high-priced.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I think they had a bus or two, I can't remember, I don't think I wrote them, but you'd pack a taxi with all you could put in it.
[SPEAKER_01]: You'd drive up there and the doors come open and you might have six people at least in one taxi.
[SPEAKER_01]: Three riders in the front and four in the back.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I think it cost you a quarter to ride from, I don't remember the cost, but it was very nominal since
[SPEAKER_01]: So many of you could pack in one taxi.
[SPEAKER_01]: When you all went to Bryan, did you do anything else other than go to a movie?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you eat anything down there or drink anything?
[SPEAKER_01]: There were two main cafes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, they had, even then, they had beer, I believe, and Bryan.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had to go across the river to get whiskey.
[SPEAKER_01]: But they had two restaurants pretty much where the old theater was.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, we had a theater on the campus here also we could go to.
[SPEAKER_01]: But that was about the extent of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: movies and then goes hard lickers you heard of that and that was on Welburn Road on Welburn Road that was the nightclub that you could go to walk to even whatever and that was that was the the night spot here and that was primarily for beer yeah whatever they had they had I don't mean what all they had but it was primarily what you call a beer joint but you could get something to eat there yeah did anybody ever get out of line that you remember in hard liquors
[SPEAKER_01]: Not while I was there.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know what happened, but it was fairly... What was there at Northgate in those days?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, about everything that's there now.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had all those boots.
[SPEAKER_01]: Two, three barbershops.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had the drugstore there on the corner.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was the campus theater there?
[SPEAKER_01]: The campus theater, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember when the campus theater came.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was there a fellow named Lupo selling books?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Lupo's for sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you ever do business with him?
[SPEAKER_01]: The campus theater was there.
[SPEAKER_01]: When you were an undergraduate, did you ever buy any books from Lupo?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was...
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't know there's any other place you could buy books.
[SPEAKER_01]: Could you trust them?
[SPEAKER_01]: Except for other people who had them, that you found out they had one they used last year, and if you could buy it for this year, you could save a little, you could save 15 or 20 cents, maybe 50 cents.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did Lou ever help you as a student?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not, not as a student.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, that's a different story.
[SPEAKER_01]: When I came back here on the staff, we had quite a, we had quite a deal with Lupo.
[SPEAKER_01]: But anyhow, uh,
[SPEAKER_01]: That was a DLSC Lupo, and I'm trying to think of
[SPEAKER_01]: Who in the heck was it had a hamburger concession over there?
[SPEAKER_01]: He and Lupo were big buddies.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was a young man named O.D.
[SPEAKER_01]: Butler yet a student here?
[SPEAKER_01]: O.D.
[SPEAKER_01]: Butler was two years ahead of me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you have any contact with him?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you know him as a... I knew him.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was a graduate student.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: When I was in...
[SPEAKER_01]: upper class in animal science.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was a graduate student.
[SPEAKER_01]: Describe him in those years.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, to tell you the truth, he didn't change a whole lot.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you knew him lately, OD at that time was a very, well, yeah, he's changed.
[SPEAKER_01]: But anyway, he was a very serious
[SPEAKER_01]: man, and I remember seeing him walk across, he always, when he walked, seeing him walk across campus, he would have his head, he was looking down like he was thinking.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was working things out as he was traveling from here to there.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I did not know O.D.
[SPEAKER_01]: well at that particular time.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, when I came back here in vet school, I got to know him a whole lot better.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then when I came back on the staff, well, we had lots of
[SPEAKER_01]: We had lots of things together.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did I ask a while ago what were the courses that were really significant to you, undergraduate courses?
[SPEAKER_01]: I had a course in economics that I recall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Who taught it?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, boy.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's hard to say.
[SPEAKER_01]: It wasn't chalk, was it?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: Excellent.
[SPEAKER_01]: I wanted to say Atkins, but that's not it either.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, what else?
[SPEAKER_01]: That's awful.
[SPEAKER_01]: That and this feeds and feeding course, as it turned out with Schuster, was an important course to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had a speech course that was interesting.
[SPEAKER_01]: Didn't teach me anything.
[SPEAKER_01]: We had fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, gee, gee, most all of them were important to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't realize
[SPEAKER_01]: in my undergraduate years how important it was to learn all you could other than just to pass the course, which I did struggle some in, like chemistry and some English and a few things.
[SPEAKER_01]: But the idea then, if you passed with them,
[SPEAKER_01]: With a B, I made a few A's, but I made a few B's, and I had a lot of C's.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I didn't realize how much more I could have learned then had I applied myself as I should have.
[SPEAKER_01]: And when I came back after the war with the family, going to vet school, those grades weren't near as important except for passing.
[SPEAKER_01]: As it was to learn what I needed to learn in my...
[SPEAKER_01]: years in my profession.
[SPEAKER_01]: The attitude changed.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember, too, when I came back from war and started vet school, how difficult it was for me to study for a while.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had forgotten or lost the ability to read and concentrate
[SPEAKER_01]: and stack it in up here in my brain.
[SPEAKER_01]: But over a period of time, this finally came back.
[SPEAKER_01]: It took me two or three months.
[SPEAKER_01]: But man, I would read something and then realize when I got through that I didn't really understand what I had read.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had to go back and read it again and read it again until I finally soaked in.
[SPEAKER_01]: But this gradually faded out to where I could read and retain and things eased up a lot.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it was difficult then.
[SPEAKER_01]: Were there any students that were here when you were an undergraduate that you knew that later became kind of celebrities?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you know any of the star football players, any of the people that would later become important politicians or business leaders?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I knew at that particular time, I knew a number of the football players.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had a cousin who was a year behind me in school.
[SPEAKER_01]: Jim Sterling, who played on the football team at 39.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was a starter, the only sophomore starter on the 39 football team.
[SPEAKER_01]: He played in?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: So through him I got to know several football players quite well.
[SPEAKER_01]: Which ones?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, I knew John Kimbrough.
[SPEAKER_01]: Describe Kimbrough.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, as a person.
[SPEAKER_01]: As a person.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was a very friendly, really pretty charismatic guy, but not someone who's forward and pushy.
[SPEAKER_01]: He certainly had no, showed no evidence of arrogance, anything of that nature, which none of those, very few of those guys did.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he was a
[SPEAKER_01]: Pretty much, I'd say laid back a little bit, but not withdrawing and anything of that nature.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did he go to class regularly?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Those guys went and a guy by the name of Dawson, Dog Dawson.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was in some classes with him.
[SPEAKER_01]: Vaughn, the car dealer.
[SPEAKER_01]: Tommy Vaughn.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know him quite well.
[SPEAKER_01]: A guy by the name of Williams, Pinky Williams, who was in my cousin's class the year behind mine.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm trying to think.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was any of them particularly popular?
[SPEAKER_01]: especially popular with everybody?
[SPEAKER_01]: I think most of them were, but they were not, they didn't start around as heroes because too many of them came from.